[Music]
top ten tricks from a former FBI agent
to become 200% attractive dr. Jack
Schaeffer a former FBI agent and an
author of the book of the likes which an
ex-fbi agent skyed to influencing
attracting and winning people over
developed a unique friendship formula
and some simple laws of attractiveness
do you want to know how to find a common
language with anyone anytime then listen
carefully number 10
start with bending your head to the side
did you notice that women bend their
head to the side more often than men
it's a similar method men use in
business when they keep straight to
emphasize dominance tune in informal
communication the inclination of the
head to the side is a sign of trust
whenever you do that your opponent feels
like you're truly interested in what he
or she is saying rolling your eyes with
the head tilted back however is a
combination you should avoid even if you
do this as a joke that signal is very
often perceived as hostile number 9
develop facial expressions play with the
eyebrows eyebrows are a big deal these
days right and that gives certain
signals to your opponent as well for
example a good trick is to raise your
eyebrows when you meet other people it
informs others that you don't intend to
show aggression you see our brain
recognizes this signal from a distance
of up to 2 meters and perceives such a
person as pleasant in communication so
if you like a person you don't know give
them a quick distant signal by uplifting
your eyebrows just don't keep a long eye
contact when playing with eyebrows or
frowning at them that would only disturb
your opponent number 8 learn to smile
with your eyes without a grin remember
lessons from Tyra Banks they aren't so
far from the truth oh when the brain
recognizes a sincere smile it makes you
smile back and starts producing
endorphins that help you feel a little
more joint pleasant experience pushes
people to continue communicating and
that's exactly what you need with a real
smile small wrinkles around the eyes
appear and cheekbones and the corners of
the mouth move upwards it's not that
easy to pick this smile you will just
have to think about something funny and
pleasant don't make it a cold gaze and a
tight smile though it won't attract
anyone number 7 forget the phrase you're
welcome never say you are welcome when
responding to a person for the service
render to them instead say I think you
would have done the same thing if you
were me such statements evoke a sense of
reciprocity a person feels the desire to
do something for you in return to thank
you never hesitate to ask a person for a
small favor for example giving advice
for helping to choose something we like
to feel important infront of others
because it increases our self-esteem and
it's nice to be in the company of
someone who admires you and from now on
you're going to be this person number
six
shift to a whisper emphasize live powder
reason to prevent awkward pauses in the
middle of a conversation
use a light sympathetic statement
related to the last phrase of the person
with whom you're speaking this is a
fairly simple way to continue the
conversation and create a relaxed
atmosphere
whispering is perceived as an intimate
form of communication that's why you
take your relationship with someone to
the next level
you should occasionally say certain
phrases in a whisper to enhance the
effect leaned slightly towards the other
person as if you're sharing a secret a
person will instinctively lean towards
you to hear better minor violation of
personal space and the feeling that
you're sharing a secret will bring you
together back we're distancing or
leaning on the back of a chair will have
an opposite effect though it's way too
much if you've just met each other
number five let people compliment
themselves the best way to make a
compliment is to encourage a person to
praise himself during a conversation
urge your opponent to talk about their
achievements or merits then show some
surprise did you really do it yourself
how did you manage to do it such
questions will urge a person to
compliment themselves and as a result
feel good and relaxed you can also try
to make a compliment from a third person
for example say that your mutual friend
noted in excellent sense of humor or
praise their diligence but don't forget
that a compliment is often regarded as
flattery especially if it does not
relate to the achievements or merits of
a person but to their appearance or
innate abilities
people love when something that was
achieved by working hard is noticed in
them these compliments are we more
pleasant right number four make mistakes
in front of your opponent make a
deliberate mistake during the
conversation so that the interlocutor
sees it show hesitancy and let him or
her correct you who doesn't love to be
right hmm the opponent will feel more
confident realizing that you are also a
person and will treat his or her
possible awkwardness with understanding
that's where the law of similarity works
the more you have in common the more
often you communicate and become closer
just don't go too far
you shouldn't dumb yourself down it
sounds stupid number three pay attention
to the pottery when you spend time
together
70% of important information is shared
while eating your opponent's gestures at
this moment to reflect emotions feelings
and sympathies if the interlocutor
places the cup or any other object as if
they were building a wall this indicates
a desire to increase the distance a
shared place on the other hand is a kind
of friendship test ask if you can try
something from the plate of your
companion not everyone will agree to
share food
but this insignificant arrogance helps
to get closer don't do this immediately
though find an appropriate timing
number two watch the lips of the
interlocutor learning to change the
color of the eyes people touching their
lips with their fingers feel shy this
will happen if you ask an uncomfortable
question or bring up a topic which the
interlocutor will want to avoid watch
these gestures to react and correct your
own behavior in time it also helps to
learn to give the correct signals with
your pupils our brain likes the enlarged
pupils of the interlocutor as it is a
sign of sympathy and interest do you
want to be liked by another person
easy invite them to dinner somewhere
with dim lighting or look at them with a
defocused gaze where the pupils expand
making the eyes appear darker avoid
narrowed eyes compressed lips
ostentatious yawns and a wrinkled notes
these expressions give the opponent
rather negative signals number one if
the situation is not that smooth recall
movies unusual but highly effective
advice there's nothing a good movie
can't teach you this phenomenon is
called the law of the rocky road it
happens that people like each other
only after a series of obstacles and
contradictions but these relations are
often stronger than those that develop
peacefully from the very beginning this
phenomenon has become a popular movie
cliche at first the characters are all
enmity but they gradually recognize each
other better and become best friends or
lovers watch these types of movies
carefully there's lots of cool hints
there let's briefly talk about other
signals and tactics that will help you
win sympathy and trust use emotional
gestures for example nod slightly when
listening to a long monologue of your
companion as if you agree
this will make your opponent trust you
more be sincere tell the opponent about
your own weaknesses cherished dreams or
just cases from life this will increase
your attractiveness in the eyes of the
interlocutor demonstrate coldness or
inaccessibility but only sometimes it
will arouse curiosity and warm up the
interest of an opponent to your
personality show that you are alike we
always feel attracted to people who have
similar interests and understand us
right use it to your benefit finally
let's examine the formula of friendship
developed by an FBI agent this formula
reflects the main characteristics
necessary for a strong trust and
friendship
it's basically universal it will work
for friendship work and love so what
have we got here proximity is the
psychological distance between people
the person should feel comfortable and
safe in your presence allow yourself to
slightly violate a person's personal
space from time to time this will help
you get closer frequency is the number
of interactions you make with another
person per unit of time the more time
you spend together the better it's just
that easy duration is inversely
proportional to the frequency if you're
often together your meetings are less
frequent and vice-versa remember to
alternate duration but observe the
frequency intensity is the ability to
satisfy the needs of another person
through verbal or nonverbal behavior
it's a very important indicator which
reflects whether you are enjoying your
time together or not
so do you have any charming tricks of
your own tell us in the comments below
be sure to give us a thumbs up share
this video with your friends and
subscribe to our Channel
you